DOC: Relevant API links for intersphinx mapping (#1931)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/docs/user_guide/mergingdata.rst

Attribute Joins
----------------

> Attribute joins are accomplished using the :func:`pandas.merge` method. In general, it is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attribute joins are accomplished using the :meth:`~pandas.DataFrame.merge` method. In general, it is recommended
```

this refers to the df method

**how**

The `how` argument specifies the type of join that will occur and which geometry is retained in the resultant
:class:`GeoDataFrame`. It accepts the following options:

* ``left``: use the index from the first (or `left_df`) :class:`GeoDataFrame` that you provide
  to :func:`sjoin`; retain only the `left_df` geometry column
* ``right``: use index from second (or `right_df`); retain only the `right_df` geometry column
* ``inner``: use intersection of index values from both :class:`GeoDataFrame`; retain only the `left_df` geometry column

Note more complicated spatial relationships can be studied by combining geometric operations with spatial join.

> To find all polygons within a given distance of a point, for example, one can first use the :meth:`~object.buffer` method to expand each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find all polygons within a given distance of a point, for example, one can first use the :meth:`~geopandas.GeoSeries.buffer` method to expand each
```
Better link to our docs than shapely here.
